{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033\plain\margl1440\margr1440\fs24\fet1{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1\ql{{\fs36 Reference list}}\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Ahsan, M. and Li, Y. (n.d.). {\i{}Graphical Password Authentication using Images Sequence}. [online] {\i{}International Research Journal of Engineering and Technology (IRJET) e-ISSN}, pp.1824\uc0\u8211{}1832. Available at: https://www.irjet.net/archives/V4/i11/IRJET-V4I11330.pdf [Accessed 16 Oct. 2019].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Akram, T., Ahmad, V., Haq, I. and Nazir, M. (2017). Graphical Password Authentication. {\i{}International Journal of Computer Science and Mobile Computing}, 6(6), pp.394\uc0\u8211{}400.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Almulhem, A. (2011). {\i{}A graphical password authentication system}. {\i{}World Congress on Internet Security, WorldCIS2011}, pp.223\uc0\u8211{}225.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Birget, J.-C., Hong, D. and Memon, N. (2006). IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security. [online] 1(3), pp.395\uc0\u8211{}399. Available at: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/1673401/citations#citations.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Gokhale, M.A.S. and Waghmare, V.S. (2016). The Shoulder Surfing Resistant Graphical Password Authentication Technique. {\i{}Procedia Computer Science}, 79, pp.490\uc0\u8211{}498.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Martinez-Diaz, M., Fierrez, J. and Galbally, J. (2015). Graphical Password-Based User Authentication With Free-Form Doodles. {\i{}IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON HUMAN-MACHINE SYSTEMS}, [online] 46, pp.1\uc0\u8211{}8. Available at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/287965239_Graphical_Password-Based_User_Authentication_With_Free-Form_Doodles.\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Suo, X., Zhu, Y. and Owen, G.S. (n.d.). Graphical Passwords: A Survey. {\i{}21st Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC\uc0\u8217{}05)}. [online] Available at: https://www.acsac.org/2005/papers/89.pdf [Accessed 16 Oct. 2019a].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Suo, X., Zhu, Y. and Owen, G.S. (n.d.). Graphical Passwords: A Survey. {\i{}21st Annual Computer Security Applications Conference (ACSAC\uc0\u8217{}05)}. [online] Available at: https://www.acsac.org/2005/papers/89.pdf [Accessed 16 Oct. 2019b].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Wiedenbeck, S., Waters, J., Birget, J.-C., Brodskiy, A. and Memon, N. (2005). Authentication Using Graphical Passwords: Effects of Tolerance and Image Choice. [online] 93, pp.1\uc0\u8211{}12. Available at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/221166384_Authentication_using_graphical_passwords_Effects_of_tolerance_and_image_choice [Accessed 16 Oct. 2019].\par}}
{{\pard\sl360\sa240\slmult1 Yan, J., Blackwell, A., Anderson, R. and Grant, A. (2004). Password memorability and security: empirical results. {\i{}IEEE Security & Privacy Magazine}, 2(5), pp.25\uc0\u8211{}31.\par}}
}
